# KairosDB enhanced Grafana data source plugin


## Description

This plugin gives front-end access to `KairosDB` data source within Grafana.

Unlike the original plugin it has dynamic generation of query UI depending on the actual features available on the KairosDB server, such as group-by and aggregators, using the KairosDB `features` API.


* Automatically proposes all features available on server
* Entirely interactive query construction 
* Query construction UI is self documented (using mouse over) 
* Supports modifications of the features for existing queries
* Include validation rules provided by the features API  

It allows you to build queries for `KairosDB` in a very intuitive way.

A query is the operation that fetches data from the database, executes some processing (aggregation,..), and returns the result in the form of time series. 

For more information about queries and Grafana please refer to the official Grafana and KairosDB documentation.

This code and binaries are provided as-is, with no warranty whatsoever, but you can reuse the source code, the license is permissive :-)

## Installation

This plugin needs to be extracted to the Grafana plugins directory.
It cannot be installed through Grafana CLI.

## Build

This plugin can be built from source code using Grunt:

```
npm install grunt -g
npm install
grunt
```

## Plugin releases mechanism

Each release version is identified by the **version of Grafana** the plugin supports, followed by **the date** at which it has been generated.

It is important to mention that the open source version of this plugin is automatically generated by C/I scripts.

Issues and pull requests are welcome but will not be merged directly since this repository is a build artifact.

We are welcoming comments, issues and even pull requests, even if pull requests cannot be merged directly.


## Why is this repository a build artifact? 

Because we have built an extensive data processing plugin on top of KairosDB... Our software adds capabilities that would not work with a core KairosDB instance.

Then developped a better plugin for our own software features from Grafana... And we really like the results, so we wanted to share this new plugin with the community, but without having to maintain two codebases.

Therefore, this repository is automatically generated in C/I by removing specific features from our plugin and providing access to core KairosDB features.

We hope you appreciate this work and we will share changes and new capabilities in the near future.

